Homework #6 COT4930

Instructor: Dr. K. Weiss


You are to design a class called MyGradesUI that will create a Window User interface for 
the MyGrades class which is provided for you.
The user interface must contain the minimum UI components:
1) A JButton to trigger the entry for the Final Exam.
2) A JButton to trigger the entry for the Midterm Exam.
3) A JButton to trigger the entry for a Homework assignment.
4) Each grade will be entered in a JTextField component. There will only be one 
JTextField component in the User Interface.
5) The status of each entry will be displayed in a JTextArea component.
The initial text in the JTextArea will be your name.
6) A JButton to get the final averaged grade. These results will be displayed in the JTextArea.

Each button will have an appropriate title.
The MyGrades class will be used to store the grades and to find the final averaged grade.
The MyGrades class will not be changed. You get to use whatever Layout Manager you want and
design the User Interface the way you feel is the best looking and most user friendly ensuring
that the requirements above are met. You should put both the MyGrades.java and the MyGradesUI
in the edu.fau.COT4930 package.


Files provided:
MyGrades.java

Submission to Canvas:
Create a folder. The folder name should be your last name with the homework number.
Example of my folder name would be: weiss-hw6
Put the following files in the folder. 
1) Your completed MyGradesUI.java file.
2) Images of the output displaying the results.
   a) One image of the program start showing your name.
   b) One image after a grade was entered.
   c) One image after the final grade was requested.
Now, zip the folder to create a .zip file.
Submit this single .zip file to Canvas.

Your program must match the listed requirements.
Your program must compile with no errors or warnings for full credit.
Your program must run and execute the above listed requirements.
Your program must follow the Best Practices covered in class for full credit.
Your program must be adequately commented for full credit.
Your program must be tested for full credit.
You  must submit the test images for full credit.
The program must be submitted on time in order to receive any credit.
Late submissions will not be accepted or graded.
All programming assignments are individual work, sharing code is considered cheating.

