

Each project will need to meet the following requirements:
1) Be implemented with a graphical user interface in a "frame" object.
2) Have a Menu selection list with the following options:
	a) Help menu
	b) Start new game
3) The project software must be developed under the edu.fau.COT4930 package.
4) The project software must use the Player class that will be provided.
5) Score and status of game must be displayed.
6) The game should be easy to play.
7) The score and player information must be persisent when the application is started.
8) Optional - Undo last move (just 1 move deep) - this is optional

Deliverable Phases:
1) Graphical User Interface Storyboard for your project.
2) Class Diagram - UML diagrams
3) Commented Code with Java Docs
4) Presentation

Projects
1) Tic Tac Toe - 2 player game
Information on the rules is found at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tic-tac-toe

2) Connect 4 - 2 player game - implement a 7 columns × 6 rows grid
Information on the rules is found at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connect_Four

3) Dots and Boxes game - 2 player game - Implement a 5 x 4 grid (width x height)
Information on the rules is  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQdQWxQk8_A&app=desktop
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dots_and_Boxes

4) 21 card game - 2 player game - Dealer and 1 player
Just track the number of wins, loses, and ties.
Use the following rules:
Value of cards - Aces may be counted as 1 or 11 points, 2 to 9 cards are valued at face value, and tens and face 
cards count as ten points. A players card values are totaled to determine who wins a game.
There is a dealer and a player. The player receives 2 cards face up and the dealer gets two cards one up and one down.
The player can decide to take as many cards while not exceeding 21. The program must enforce the game rules.
Therefore a player cannot take more cards once 21 has been exceeded. If the player exceeds 21, then the player loses.
When the player has not exceeded 21 and decides to stop taking cards, then it is the dealer turn.
Dealer Rules - After the player's turn, the dealer will turn over the cards. If the dealer has 16 or less, then 
the dealer will draw another card. A special situation is when the dealer has an ace and any number of cards 
totaling six points (known as a "soft 17"). In this case the dealer must take a card. If the dealer goes over 21. 
then the dealer loses. If both the dealer and the player have not exceeded 21, then the player with the highest value wins.
If they have the same value, then it is a tie. The number of wins, loses, and ties should be tracked and displayed
for the player. The deck of cards should be shuffled at the start of each game. If a player has 21 with 2 cards, then that
player wins immediately. If both players have 21 with 2 cards, then it is a tie. 

